fix: [main] Add -o flag on a hybrid mode (#1167)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/getting-started/Ch-GettingStartedHybrid.md

``` bash
cd cmd
export EDGEX_SECURITY_SECRET_STORE=false
./device-virtual -cp -d -o
```

!!! note

>     The `-cp` flag tells the service to use the Configuration Provider. This is required so that the service can pull the common configuration. The `-d` flag tells the service to run in developer mode (aka hybrid mode) so that any `Host` names in configuration for dependent services are automatically changed from their Docker network names to `localhost` allowing the service to find the dependent services. The `-o` flag tells the service to overwrite of configuration from local file into Consul.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `-cp` flag tells the service to use the Configuration Provider. This is required so that the service can pull the common configuration. The `-d` flag tells the service to run in developer mode (aka hybrid mode) so that any `Host` names in configuration for dependent services are automatically changed from their Docker network names to `localhost` allowing the service to find the dependent services. The `-o` flag tells the service to overwrite of configuration from local file into Config Provider (only need when service was previously run in Docker).
```

Author: updated
